What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	when we initialixe a repository a repository named .gir is created which is a hidden directory which tracks all the changes made in the file. We need to do it to make a git respository and track it's changes with the help of commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	Staging area is the area for the files which are to be commited.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	We can use staging area to check that we have one commit per logical change by comparing the previous versions of file present in the staging area with the modified files by using the git ediff command. This will make it easy for us to check the modified file for logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	When we want to test a new feature for our app and we dont know whether the new feature will be successfull or not we can test that feature on a different branch from master branch, this would not change the original working code and all the things will not be messed up. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Diagrams helps a lot to visualize the branch structure. It makes us easier to understand what changes are being maded in the branch and how the branches are managed.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	When we merge 2 files into a single file all the content from both the files gets into a single files and the checked out files becomes the new HEAD. We represent it in the diagram bracause it becomes easier to understand what we are going to do visually.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	Git's automatic merging makes easier to merge 2 commits, but it is not always helpful because if 2 or more developers are working on the same code then git's automatic merge would not be benificial, then we have to manually merge the files by correcting the which is needed. For manual merging git uses some special lines to make the user know which lines are required to change for successful merging.